Conformance report directory and auto-generate comparison matrix (#54)
kubernetes-sigs/sig-multicluster-site: site-src/implementations/mcs-implementations/reports/README.md

# Submitting a Conformance Report

This directory contains conformance reports submitted by MCS API implementers.

## Directory Structure

```
reports/
  <api-version>/
    <impl-name>/
      <impl-version>.yaml
```

For example:

```
reports/
  v0.4.1/
    submariner/
      v0.23.0.yaml
    gke/
      2026-01-01.yaml
      2026-07-01.yaml
```

## How to Submit

1. **Run the conformance suite** against your implementation. See the
   [mcs-api conformance tests](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/mcs-api/tree/master/conformance)

>    for instructions. Make sure to set the implementation flags:

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Run the conformance suite** against your implementation. Check out a
   tagged release of the [mcs-api repository](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/mcs-api)
   (e.g., `git checkout v0.5.0`) and run the suite, providing the following
   flags to identify your implementation:
```

   - `--organization` — your organization name (e.g., "Google Cloud")
   - `--project` — your project name (e.g., "GKE Multi Cluster Service")
   - `--version` — your implementation version (e.g., "1.2.0")
   - `--url` — link to your project's documentation

2. **Copy the generated `report.yaml`** into the appropriate directory:
   `reports/<api-version>/<impl-name>/<impl-version>.yaml`

>    - `<api-version>` is the version of the MCS API your implementation targets (e.g., `v0.5.0`)

Reviewer: This isn't the version that the implementation target but it should rather be the version of the conformance program. The first instruction "run the conformance suite" should also mention to run a specific version too IMO

Author: Got it. An implementation can be conformant against multiple MCS API version, i.e. even though a implementation was done for MCS version X it can be conformant against X, Y. I hope my understanding is correct.
Does the below wording sound better
```suggestion
   - `<conformance-version>` is the released version of the mcs-api conformance suite you ran (e.g., `v0.5.0`)
```

Reviewer: Yep something like that sounds good thanks! Overall what we want is simply report the output of the conformance version X and treating the implementation as kind of a black box as to what version it was aiming to support originally~
